When Drago inherited the powers of the Sacred Orb
we thought it would be a blessing,
but instead it's a curse. He can't control his energy.
And both of us are being haunted by visions
of a sinister masked man called Mag Mel
and his Bakugan Razenoid.
Everywhere we turn, evil forces like Teams Anubias
and Sellon are infiltrating Bakugan Interspace.
Luckily we can count on Marucho and Shun.
We just might have a chance of regaining control
of Bakugan Interspace and banishing Mag Mel for good!
\u266a What are ya gonna do? \u266a
\u266a The odds are stacked against you, \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall, You gotta give it your all, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a This is the final stand, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a The power's in your hand! \u266a
\u266a Two worlds collide, On the inside, \u266a
\u266a You got to fight for what's right, \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone... \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
CHRIS: What's um, happening here?
SELLON: You poor fools still don't understand.
DAN: They're on Mag Mel's side!
SELLON: It's true. We are artificial life forms...
created by Master Mag Mel to aid in his resurrection.
CHRIS: It just can't be!
SOON: Tell us it's not true, Mistress!
SELLON: [evil chuckle]
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Dangerous Beauty
SELLON: [panting] [grunt, pain reax]
SELLON: [grunt, panting reax]
SELLON: [gasp]
MAG MEL: Awake!
MAG MEL: Hmmmmmph!
[energy crackles]
SELLON: It's so beautiful...
SELLON: [groan] [gasp]
SELLON: [terrified gasps]
SELLON: [startled scream]
SELLON: [grunt, exertion reax]
CHRIS: Mistress Sellon!
SELLON: [gasp]
SOON: Is that you?
SELLON: [excited gasp] Hmmm?
SOON: Watch out! CHRIS: Watch out!
DRAGO: What's the plan, Marucho?
MARUCHO: It's to focus on keeping the remaining...
Chaos Bakugan occupied while I figure out...
if I can repair the access point.
MARUCHO: I need you guys to run interference for me.
DAN: We got your back. Isn't that right, Drago?
DRAGO: Absolutely.
MARUCHO: Huh?
RAFE: We have a situation, guys.
DAN: Is it more Chaos Bakugan?
RAFE: Well...
PAIGE: It's way worse than that, okay?
Just get over here, now!
DAN and MARUCHO: [panting, running reax]
DAN: What's happening here?
DAN: Huh?
DAN: Sellon!
MARUCHO: Hey, why would you bring her back here?
RAFE: What on Earth were the two of you thinking?
CHRIS: Wait! You don't understand!
SOON: Miss Sellon is on our side now.
DAN: Huh? Yeah right!?!
MARUCHO: How do you know?
SOON: Because she's been cast out.
SOON: Mag Mel was furious with her...
for losing her last battle against us.
CHRIS: He stripped her of all her Bakugan and Mechtogan,
and was about to vanquish her when...
CHRIS: She used the last bit of her energy to break free,
and escape from his nasty clutches.
SOON: But Mag Mel wasn't going to let her go that easily.
SOON: He sent Spyron to hunt her down and destroy her.
And he would have succeeded...
if Chris and I hadn't shown up in time.
SOON: Please, friends. We wouldn't be asking...
for your help if we didn't really need it.
PAIGE: Hah! You're nuts if you think we're gonna help her.
CHRIS: [angry grunt] Say what?
PAIGE: Ya, you heard me, doll.
CHRIS: What did you say?
PAIGE: You heard...
DAN: Alright, alright, enough, you two!
SOON: We don't want to fight with you,
but we don't know what else to do.
Mistress Sellon has nowhere else to go.
SOON: Will you please help us protect her?
SHUN: Never! She's the enemy!
MARUCHO: [gasp] But Shun...
SHUN: No \"buts\". She's evil.
CHRIS: No way!
SOON: Please, she's not like that anymore.
I promise she's changed for good this time.
CHRIS: You can't just leave her behind!
SHUN: Watch me!
CHRIS: Why are you so mean?
SOON: You don't understand. She's our...light.
SELLON: Would you like to see something beautiful.
SOON: Yes, please. CHRIS: Yes, please.
SELLON: Watch very closely now. Isn't it glorious,
and worth giving your life for?
SELLON: It is the light of... victory.
SOON: From that moment on, Mistress Sellon took us...
under her wing and mentored us.
SOON: She took a pair of second rate Battlers,
and made us champions! We owe her everything.
CHRIS: She taught us how to be beautiful,
and elegant while unleashing our battling skills.
CHRIS: If it weren't for Mistress Sellon we'd be nothing,
so if you're serious about being our friends
then you have to help us.
SOON: Can't you find it in your heart to...
CHRIS: ...forgive?
SHUN: Just get rid of her or you two are on your own!
SOON: [gasp] CHRIS: [gasp]
MARUCHO: Uhhhh...
PAIGE: Agreed!
DAN: [angry grunt] Hold on Shun.
SELLON: Haaaaaaah!
SOON and CHRIS: [gasp, startled reax]
MARUCHO, DAN and SHUN: [gasp]
SELLON: [groan] SOON: Mistress Sellon!
SHUN: Bakugan Brawl!
SHUN: Bakugan Stand!
SHUN: Go Ventus Taylean!
TAYLEAN: Hmmmmmph!
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Done Red, Slash Sword!
TAYLEAN: Haaaaaah!
Huuuuuuuuaaaah!
SHUN: Check this, Consecutive Ability, activate!
SHUN: Kazami-style, Shadow Alter Ego!
TAYLEAN: [rising might roar] Hmmmmmmph!
SHUN: And Shadow Leaf, Field Grenade!
TAYLEAN: Hmmmph! Huuuuuaaaaah!
[string pluck]
TRISTAR: Wicked!
MARUCHO: That was awesome, Taylean!
DAN: Nice one, Shun. Huh?
TAYLEAN: Whoa! [grunt, pain reax]
DAN: Shun!
PAIGE: Oh man!
SELLON: His horn!
SELLON: Attack his horn!
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Slash Rise Thunder!
TAYLEAN: [rising mighty roar]
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Shooting Storm Twister!
TAYLEAN: [rising mighty roar]
PAIGE: That was a close one.
RAFE: It's a good thing Sellon showed us his weakness.
SHUN: [sigh]
SELLON: I was always told that because I was...
an artificial life form created by Master Mag Mel,
the moment I was no longer useful to him...
my life would be over.
SELLON: But when the time came, I couldn't let him...
just take me away from you like that.
SELLON: And now I... I finally understand
why I couldn't leave.
CHRIS: [gasp] Thank-you, Mistress!
SOON: For everything!
MARUCHO: What now?
DRAGO: There's no way they'll leave her.
DAN: I know.
MARUCHO: Huh? Trouble's on its way.
PAIGE: Seriously? Then let's quit standing around!
DAN: I'd say it's time for a counter attack, fellas.
PAIGE: Right! RAFE: Right!
SHUN: We'll hang back and keep an eye on them.
DAN: Just make sure you play nice.
DAN: And see what else you can learn about Mag Mel.
SHUN: You got it. If she's hiding any secrets...
we'll be sure to find them out.
RAFE, DAN and PAIGE: [panting, running reax]
[laser blasts]
DAN: Okay, Drago! Call Zenthon!
DRAGO: I'm on it!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar] DAN: [rising mighty roar]
[computer beeps and trills]
[heavy ground impact]
ZENTHON: I am here to heed your call, Master!
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Revolutional!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaaaah!
DAN: Attaaaaaaack!
ZENTHON: [mighty roar]
PAIGE: Let's go! Ability activate!
PAIGE: Hyper Sway!
BOULDERON: Hmmmph!
BOULDERON: Huuuuuuaaaah!
BOULDERON: Huh? Where did they go?
BOULDERON: [grunt, pain reax]
BOULDERON: Ooooomph!
RAFE: Ability activate!
RAFE: Metal Lords!
WOLFURIO: Hmmmmph!
WOLFURIO: Haaaaaaah!
WOLFURIO: [grunt, exertion reax] Hmmmmph!
BOULDERON: [groan]
WOLFURIO: Stay still!
PAIGE: [angry grunt] They're really fast!
RAFE: Maybe a little too fast. We better call for some help.
PAIGE: And look like chumps?
PAIGE: Hmmm? RAFE: Hmmm?!
MARUCHO: Remember guys, aim for their horns if...
you want to destroy them. It's their weak spot.
PAIGE: You got it! RAFE: You got it!
RAFE: BakuNano Spear Aegis, destroy!
WOLFURIO: The Castle Knights will never surrender!
MARUCHO: Your first hit will stun them, then you need to act
quickly, that'll take them down for good.
RAFE: Engage!
WOLFURIO: They're about to find themselves...
on the wrong side of my spear.
WOLFURIO: Haaaaaaaaaaaah!
PAIGE: Our turn, Boulderon!
BOULDERON: You said it!
BOULDERON: Hmmmmph!
BOULDERON: Huuuuuaaaaah!
TRISTAR: Oh man! I'm totally bummed...
we're missing out on all the fun!
MARUCHO: Ya!
[heavy ground impact]
DAN: Only one more left. [gasp]
TRISTAR: Oh no! Are those more reinforcements?
MARUCHO: Yes, except that it appears...
that they're headed for Point X-10.
The base where the rest of the battlers are lying low...
while they wait for us to fix the access point.
TAYLEAN: The last battle was just a diversion.
MARUCHO: Shun, wait!
SHUN: No time!
SELLON: [grunt, pain reax]
SOON: Are you...
CHRIS: ...okay, Mistress?
SELLON: I don't think I have much longer.
SOON: [gasp] CHRIS: [gasp]
SELLON: I need a favour...
DAN: We can't back down from the Mechtogan, Drago!
SHUN: Watch your back, Taylean!
Sellon can't be trusted!
[laser blasts]
DAN: Nice... huh?
MARUCHO: Come in, Dan!
DAN: I'm here what is it, buddy?
MARUCHO: I have an urgent transmission...
from Sellon for you.
DAN: Huh? From Sellon?
SELLON: There's something urgent that I need to tell you, Dan.
SELLON: It has to do with the bond that you and Mag Mel share.
DAN: Huh?
SELLON: But I have to tell you in person, so please hurry back.
I don't have long [coughing]
DAN: Can't you just tell me?
I'm in the middle of a fight here.
SELLON: It's very very important!
DAN: Okay. Hey guys! I gotta split.
Can you hold down the fort 'til I get back?
BOULDERON: Hmmmmmph! WOLFURIO: Haaaaaaaah!
PAIGE: No sweat. Go ahead.
RAFE: We've got this covered, so do whatever it is...
you need to do, Dan.
DAN: Let's go, Drago.
DRAGO: Right behind you!
SHUN: I think this should be the place.
Haaaaaah!
TAYLEAN: [rising mighty roar]
DAN: Huh?
DAN: Sellon! Are you okay? What happened?
SELLON: [groan] Is that you, Dan?
DAN: Yeah, I'm right here. Wake up.
SELLON: [grunt] You're such a gullible fool Dan!
DAN: [grunt, pain reax] Aaaaahhhhh!
Ooomph!
DRAGO: Dan!
SELLON: [evil chuckle]
DRAGO: Dan! Sellon, what are you playing at?
SELLON: Keep quiet!
DRAGO: Aaaarrrrgggghhh!
Ooooomph!
SELLON: Thank-you for the key.
SELLON: [evil chuckle]
SELLON: [gasp]
SHUN: I knew you were lying!
SELLON: Mind your own business, Shun!
SELLON: This is just between Dan and I.
SHUN: You're wrong, Sellon!
SHUN: Now give it back!
SELLON: You can't be serious, dear boy.
SELLON: [evil chuckle]
SHUN: Come on!
SELLON: [evil laughter]
TRISTAR: Whoa!
MARUCHO: What's happening out there you guys?
SHUN: [grunt, exertion reax]
SELLON: [laughter]
SHUN: They're escaping!
CHRIS: Goooooooo!
SOON: Nooooooow!
CHRIS: [angry grunt]
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Slash Rise Thunder!
TAYLEAN: Haaaaaaah!
TAYLEAN: What? Hmmm?
TAYLEAN: Aaaarrrrrggggghhhh!
TAYLEAN: Ooooomph!
SELLON: I wish we had more time...
to see this through properly, Shun.
I've always respected you as a battler.
SELLON: Even though you're nothing more,
than a lowly human.
SHUN: [grunt] Be quiet!
SELLON: To tell you the truth, I've always thought
that you and I were a lot alike.
SHUN: [angry grunt]
SELLON: After all, we both bring a dignity,
and nobility to battle that no other battler truly does.
SHUN: [groan] You are out of your mind.
You and I are nothing aliiiiiiiiike!
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Kazami-style Phoenix Twister!
TAYLEAN: Haaaaaaaaaaaaah!
SELLON: [gasp]
TAYLEAN: [rising mighty roar]
TAYLEAN: Hmmmmph!
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Shooting Destruction Slash!
TAYLEAN: Haaaaaah!
SELLON: Very well. [grunt, exertion reax]
SHUN: After her!
SELLON: [evil cackle]
SOON: No, Mistress! CHRIS: No, Mistress!
CHRIS: Please don't hurt her, Shun!
SHUN: Get out of my way!
SOON: Not until you calm down!
SHUN: [angry grunt] TAYLEAN: Whooooaaaa!
SELLON: I have your prize, Master!
SHUN: No! Stooooooop!
TAYLEAN: Hmmmmph!
TAYLEAN: Aaaaarrrrgggghhhhh!
CHRIS: Mistress Sellon!
SOON: Don't leave us behind!
SELLON: What makes you two insects believe...
that you're worthy enough to come along with me?
SOON: [gasp] CHRIS: [gasp]
SELLON: You were nothing more than tools for me...
to utilize in pursuing Master Mag Mel's greater plan!
SELLON: You're both human, which means...
you're crippled by so many useless concepts,
like friendship, sympathy and love!
These things have no place in battle where the only thing...
that matters is victory.
SELLON: I'm not burdened by such foolish things as these.
SELLON: Master Mag Mel has shown me the way.
Now I live in his glory.
CHRIS: Mistress Sellon...
SELLON: Don't look so sad there Chris.
You should feel very honoured to have played
a role in the Master's plan.
SOON: I can't believe it.
SELLON: You should enjoy your final moments of life...
because soon the Earth will be destroyed...
under his wrath and you along with it.
RAFE: They're retreating.
PAIGE: That's weird.
MAG MEL: You finally succeeded, Sellon!
And now I have the gate and the key.
SELLON: I did it in your honour, Master.
MAG MEL: Come to me, child.
SELLON: This is it finally the Master is whole...
and his glorious rule over the universe will last forever!
SELLON: [scream, pain reax]
SELLON: What's happening to me?
SELLON: Master Mag Mel, please wait!
SELLON: I understand that I have always been disposable...
to you, but before you dispatch me into oblivion...
I beg of you please allow me just one glimpse...
of the world under your glorious reign!
SELLON: I want to see the beauty of all your light
SELLON: Master Mag Mel, pleeeeeeeeaaaaase!
MAG MEL: The passion you have shown for your mission...
is impressive. But your intense desire...
to continue living is of more use to me...
as fuel for my impending re-birth.
DAN: I can't believe she tricked me.
DRAGO: Dan...
DAN: There's nothing to say, Drago...
she totally punked me dude, Aw man!
DAN: I got played like a total chump and now...
SHUN: It's okay Dan.
DAN: Thanks, pal.
TAYLEAN: She you knew you had a good heart...
and played on your sympathetic nature.
There's no shame in being kind.
DRAGO: But there's no point in sitting around,
and dwelling on it.
We're still stuck inside this place,
and need to figure a way out.
DAN: Alright, I hear you, buddy. Let's go, everyone!
ANUBIAS: It looks like Sellon's disappeared.
ANUBIAS: Which means she won't be getting in my way.
ANUBIAS: I'm coming for you, Kuso!
[evil laughter]
DAN: Things took a bad turn after Sellon suckered us,
and now Mag Mel has both the gate and the key.
That means that any minute now he can be resurrected,
which will also mean lights out for all that's good
in the universe. There was no way that we were
going to let that creep unleash his nastiness,
so we got together to hatch a plan on how to
take him down for good. But then he went and kidnapped Noah
so he could force us to back off. And then his right hand
cockroach Anubias showed up looking for a fight!
Tune in to check out the insanity and you can see how
we brought it all to a colossal finish! Oh yeah!
[MUSIC]